Develop (#12)
DatabaseGroup/tree-similarity: README.md

```bash
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
make
```
Execute ``make test`` to run all tests (currently there are only correctness tests).

In the ``build`` directory you find the binary ``ted`` that executes the algorithms from command line. **Currently there is no help or documentation for this binary.**

## Generating documentation

Install [Doxygen](http://www.stack.nl/~dimitri/doxygen/) for generating the documentation.

Execute the following (in the project's root directory) to generate the documentation.
```bash
doxygen doxygen.config
```
Then, open ``doc/html/index.html`` in your browser.

## Notes on user workflow

1. Convert the input data into the Bracket Notation Format or implement a new parser (e.g., [http://www.antlr.org/](ANTLR)).
2. If necessary, implement custom Label class and/or custom CostModel class.
3. Modify the types of `Parser`, `Label`, and `CostModel` inside `tree_similarity.cc` if you do not want to use the default types.
4. Call `make` to (re-)build the framework.

## TODOs

This is a list of of all TODOs split into a few categories.

### Features.
- **Command line:** make nicer and document.

> - **APTED:** Implement. There is some C++ code written by Maxi. Java implementation available on https://github.com/DatabaseGroup/apted.

Reviewer: This is done.
```suggestion
```

> - **Edit mapping:** Implement with subtree-pairs distance matrix as input such that not only the matrix of Zhang and Shasha can be input. There is C++ code on ``visualisation`` branch by Tobias (review and tests required).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Edit mapping:** Implement with subtree-pairs distance matrix as input such that not only the matrix of Zhang and Shasha can be input. There is C++ code [here](https://frosch.cosy.sbg.ac.at/mpawlik/old-tree-similarity/-/blob/visualisation/src/zhang_shasha/zhang_shasha.h) (review and tests required).
```

### README.md
- Describe functionalities of the library.

> - Explain the input format. Point to format converters.

Reviewer: Delete. Transformed to #16.
```suggestion
```

  - C++ Core Guidelines (https://github.com/isocpp/CppCoreGuidelines)
  - Google C++ Style Guide (http://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html)
- List documentation requirements.
- Describe requirements for correctness testing of new algorithms.
  - Include test naming convention.
- Explain how to extend labels and cost models.
- Explain how to extend input formats (create nodes-labels structure from raw input, parsing raw input).
- Describe **Git** workflows (be explicit with the git commands, especially for educational purposes):
  - **Branching.** Collaborators (e.g. PhD and Master students that we trust an that implement specific functionalities). Include info about using private branches, especially for sensitive code (that should not be public once the library goes online; point to (https://24ways.org/2013/keeping-parts-of-your-codebase-private-on-github/ and https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Working-with-Remotes)).
  - **Forking.** Non-collaborators (e.g. Master and Bachelor students that do prototyping).
  - **Committing.** Write requirements for commit messages.
  - **Merging.** Explain the steps, using rebase, and fast-forwarding.

> ### Old TODOs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Random
```

> [**TODO:** Tidy up or at least move to other TODO categories.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Clean up the repository (from the state of the `xml_parser` branch, i.e., the
> final state of msc-kocher).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
